well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so in a recent video I used some
quotes from a guy named general Butler
the war is a racket quotes and I can't
offhandedly mentioned that he had
stopped a coup and man I got a lot of
questions about that so we're going to
talk about it tonight
but before we get into it we need to
know who general Butler was so this was
one squared away Marine as I mentioned
in that video he received the Medal of
Honor
twice order of the black star I mean he
was something else he fought in the
spanish-american war the
philippine-american war the Boxer
Rebellion the banana Wars the Mexican
Revolution and war one very experienced
gentleman if you were looking for
somebody to lead a coup he'd probably be
at the top of your list very respected
especially since he had already kind of
backed a march on Washington by veterans
the Bonus Army he would seem like the
ideal candidate so what happened
according to the story is uh FDR gets
elected and he starts enacting very
progressive reforms and the business
class the wealthy wealthy wealthy
business class well they didn't like it
and they were looking to Europe and how
things had shaped up there with veterans
groups kind of taking control of the
government and installing a different
form of government
so they according to the story kind of
hatched a plan
and when I say wealthy businessman I'm
talking about very very powerful people
men that even though this happened in
the 30s you'd still recognize the names
JP Morgan Prescott Bush that's dad and
granddad to the presidents the DuPont
family talk about extremely powerful
people
now as the story goes as outlined by
Butler a guy named McGuire was kind of
the intermediary and he approached
Butler at first it was pretty innocent
hey we want you to you know kind of lead
the American Legion and then hey why
don't you kind of draft a resolution
saying we we need to go to the gold
standard and stay on that and then
eventually it turned into well we want
you to lead a march on Washington of
veterans and seize control of the
government from FDR and keep him as a
figurehead but basically you be a
dictator we want to install a fascist
government that's the story the problem
is although he seemed like the ideal
candidate he was a staunch
anti-capitalist he was he was really the
wrong choice for this so upon hearing of
the plan he goes straight to Congress
with it now when this story broke at the
time the newspapers were immediately
like this is a giant hoax it never
happened crazy old general but keep in
mind the people implicated were very
powerful people the House of
Representatives convened hearings and
it was kept secret the findings were
kept secret until the 21st century and
then when they were released everybody
was kind of like wow dad that's that's
crazy because they were able to confirm
pretty much everything that Butler said
and nobody was ever prosecuted for it
the idea the way it was framed was yeah
okay so they talked about it and they
planned it and maybe they took a few
overt steps but you know they didn't
really try it is kind of how it was
framed and at the end of the day it's
definitely something we need to remember
it's something that we need to keep in
mind because assuming that the
allegations are true and there are some
people who still to this day believe
that they aren't that it's was just
Butler exaggerating or being so much of
an anti-capitalist that he was trying to
show the dangers of it but it's
definitely something we need to keep in
mind because at the end of the day it
boils down to one poor recruitment
decision and they approach just about
any other general at that time the
economy's in shambles veterans were not
treated well upon the return from World
War one they probably would have got
what they wanted and then can you
imagine that the dominoes that would
fall it would change everything we know
because if this had gone down and the US
was a fascist dictatorship at the start
of World War two the outcome probably
would have been different
so if it's true the world owes general
Butler the entire world because one guy
refused to take command one guy refused
one person literally changed the entire
course of human history or maybe he's
just a crazy old general anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night